my chapter book

author: Chambers

title: Beneath the shadows

chapter1: A Normal Day
How did I get here? How did I become such a vile beast? Do I even care?....Hahaha, no.
Raizel, time to go! Mother calls, I swiftly come clonking down the stairs with
my backpack in hand. I walked up to mother, she hands me my lunch, we exchange goodbye kisses,
then run out the door. On my way to school I see my friends Kate and Liroy. I try waving to flag them down.
They both exchange an odd look as if I was a mere stranger, then their facial expressions contorted as sudden realization
slapped their faces
"Ayeee Raizel" they say in unison.
"Hey guys"
"Dude youre not going to believe this but....there's a new game coming out, guess which one?
"Umm...well, first things first. Do I get any tries, and if so, how many do I get?
"Go easy on 'em Liroy, it's been a long summer." Kate deadpanned.
Liroy sighed "fine, but he's only getting three guesses."
"Three? Come on theres so many games."
"Only three dude."
"It seems like 'The Great Liroy' has spoken" Kate humored.
You're dispicable you know that...I'm going with War Raiders.
Liroy laughed "all that complaining and you get it right first try. Now who's dispicable."
"Ugh, lets just go to class."

chapter2:
Class and settling in my new dorm room didn't take very long. Which is surprising. For some reason it seems like the older you get
the less time you have but then again I'm only taking two college courses, so maybe its just me. Who knows.
I grabbed some lunch from the taco shack across the street, then returned to my dorm.
As I was about to eat, I heard a faint ring coming from my bag ring, ring, ring
 "huh? Who is this?" 
Looking at my phone I dont recognize the number. I was flummoxed, but then I though maybe its one of those idiots playing a prank on me. Well I'm not falling for it.
I dismissed the call and continued with my lunch. A couple minutes later it rang again. I look again its the same unknown number so I answered 
"Hello?" 
Heavy breathing followed by a deep raspy.
"Raiiiizel I've been trying to reach you you have a prophacy you need to fulfill".
With the voice so audiable yet unrecognizable it started to put me on edge.
"W-Who is this? Kate, Liroy, is this you? if it is I dont find this funny at all."
The deep-raspy voice man laughed saying 
"Foolish boy. I am neither of the friends you speak of, just know I'll be watching you blossom
into the monster you're truly meant to be." 
The call ends. Frightened as I was. I threw my phone across the room, hoping to never recieve that phone call again. I decided to take 
a relaxing shower to try and clear my thoughts thinking to myself maybe it was just a prank.
"I can't believe thouse fools. They're gonna get a scorning from me tomorrow. I get dressed, 
lay down and pass out.
"I'm glad the days over." Then everything fades to black.